Abdul Razzaq

Task 2: Overview of a CRM.

• What is CRM? CRM stands for Customer Relationship Management. The goal of CRM is to improve customer retention, enhance customer satisfaction, and drive sales growth. Our task is to create a CRM with using HTML, CSS, Media Query and Bootstrap.

• Pages Of our Website:

o Login Page: The Login page will have two options. Either to register as a new user Name and password to login to the website.  Login Option: Our website will start from a login page. If the user clicks on the Login Button, then the user will be directed to Dashboard. Login form will be having option to write the User Name and password. We will give the Login button to allow us to login to our home page (Dashboard).  Register as New User: If the user clicks on the Signup button, then the user will be directed to a registration form. In this form the User must provide all his information and details to make a new account. By making a new account, the user can register the website then authorize to login.

o Dashboard page: The dashboard page is our website home page. In this page, we will be showing all our basic information and updates. This page will contain all the statistical information of the website.  Data List: We will show the data list on the List page. Will give the option to edit or delete data from the list. If the user clicks on the edit, we will direct the user to another edit page there, he can edit and make changes with the data given in the table. When the user saves the changes, the updates will be shown in the main list page. If the User clicks on the delete option, then the browser will show pop up message for confirmation. If the user confirms the delete, then the selected data in the table will be deleted record from the list page.

o Configuration Page: We will create a separate configuration page to store our configuration form. In this Form, we will be saving all the API's. We will also give an Export button and by pressing that button we should be able to save the API data in PDF form.
